Ignore .tiltbuild and add Tilt docs (#30)
openshift/cluster-olm-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md

Origin (DCO). This document was created by the Linux Kernel community and is a
simple statement that you, as a contributor, have the legal right to make the
contribution. See the [DCO](DCO) file for details.

# Rapid iterative development with Tilt

> [Tilt](https://tilt.dev) is a tool that makes rapid iteratively development of containerized workloads significantly
> easier.
> 
> Here is an example workflow without Tilt for modifying some source code and testing those changes in a cluster:

Reviewer: small nit:
```suggestion
[Tilt](https://tilt.dev) is a tool that enables rapid iterative development of containerized workloads.

Here is an example workflow without Tilt for modifying some source code and testing those changes in a cluster:
```

Author: Thanks, I've pulled this in
